mobile/README.md, before:

# Get started

Install `Expo Go` on your smart phone. This allows you to conveniently run your app. Since we already use native plugins we can't really use the web app version.

## Default user (App)

Also available in production (for app stores etc.)

-   Email: `office@wavect.io`
-   Password: `TeSTmE93!pQ`

## New packages

Always install new packages with `npx expo install {package}` NOT with pnpm, yarn or npm directly.

### Weird AppEntry errors

Run `pnpm install:all`

### Weird too long path error on Windows

Follow this: https://github.com/ninja-build/ninja/issues/1900#issuecomment-1817532728

Rebuild then with `npx expo run:android --no-build-cache` (keep your Android folder)

## Backend

### Can't reach backend?

Make sure the `BASE_PATH` in `api/gen/`is set properly.

### Production

The production backend is deployed on the free tier on render.com once you push to `main`.

## Release

1. Run `npx expo-doctor`
2. Build with EAS: `eas build --platform android|ios|all`
3. Submit to App stores `eas submit`

Commit message:

chore: doc for local build release

mobile/README.md, after:

# Get started

Install `Expo Go` on your smart phone. This allows you to conveniently run your app. Since we already use native plugins we can't really use the web app version.

## Default user (App)

Also available in production (for app stores etc.)

-   Email: `office@wavect.io`
-   Password: `TeSTmE93!pQ`

## New packages

Always install new packages with `npx expo install {package}` NOT with pnpm, yarn or npm directly.

### Weird AppEntry errors

Run `pnpm install:all`

### Weird too long path error on Windows

Follow this: https://github.com/ninja-build/ninja/issues/1900#issuecomment-1817532728

Rebuild then with `npx expo run:android --no-build-cache` (keep your Android folder)

## Backend

### Can't reach backend?

Make sure the `BASE_PATH` in `api/gen/`is set properly.

### Production

The production backend is deployed on the free tier on render.com once you push to `main`.

## Release

1. Run `npx expo-doctor`
2. Build with EAS: `eas build --platform android|ios|all --local` (use local ideally as it is free)
3. Submit to App stores `eas submit`
